README.md, before:

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
[![AB&C](https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/22617576?s=200&v=4)](https://abccreative.com/)
<!-- markdownlint-enable -->

# Gatsby Starter Tailwind

A minimal starter template using Gatsby and Tailwind.

![Repo Size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/badges/shields.svg?style=for-the-badge)
![Dependabot Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dependabot-Enabled-0366d6?style=for-the-badge&logo=dependabot)
[![License: 0BSD](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-0BSD-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge)](http://unlicense.org/)
![Follow AB&C on Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/abc_Creative.svg?label=Follow+AB%26C&style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter)

---

## Directory Layout

```shell
├── /public/                    # Dev output files
├── /src/                       # Development directory
│   ├── /components/            # Components
│   ├── /images/                # Images
│   ├── /pages/                 # Site pages
│   ├── /styles/                # CSS
│   ├── /templates/             # Page templates
├── /.env.*                     # Environment variables
├── /gatsby-browser.js          # Control over Gatsby’s behavior in the browser
├── /gatsby-config.js           # Enables plugins, defines site data, and site configuration
├── /gatsby-node.js             # Respond to events in the Gatsby build cycle
├── /postcss.config.js          # PostCSS config
├── /tailwind.config.js         # Tailwind config
```

---

## Features

- [Gatsby.js](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/)
- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [HeadlessUI](https://headlessui.dev/)
- [Iconify](https://iconify.design/)

## Get started

Install the Gatsby CLI:

```sh
npm install --global gatsby-cli
```

Create a new Gatsby project using this starter:

```sh
gatsby new my-new-website https://github.com/abcagency/gatsby-tailwind
cd my-new-website
npm i
```

Run the project in development mode:

```sh
npm run develop
```

## Format and lint

- `npm run analyze` - See what ESLint can fix
- `npm run fix` - Run ESLint with the `--fix` option

## Build your site for production

```sh
npm run build
```

## Upgrade `package.json` package versions

Install [npm-check-updates](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npm-check-updates):

```sh
npm i -g npm-check-updates
```

Upgrade a project's package file:

```sh
# Inside of project root folder

ncu -u    # Upgrade package.json
npm i     # Update installed packages and package-lock.json
```

## Contributors

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center" style=""><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/6616625?s=60&v=4" width="100px;"  style="background-color: #000; border-radius: 9999px;" alt="Jason Cockerham"/><br /><sub><b>Jason Cockerham</b></sub></td>
		<td align="center"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/650202?s=120&v=4" width="100px;"  style="border-radius: 9999px;" alt="Chris Marts"/><br /><sub><b>Chris Marts</b></sub></td>
		<td align="center"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/25408000?s=120&v=4" width="100px;" style="border-radius: 9999px;" alt="Stuart Thomas"/><br /><sub><b>Stuart Thomas</b></sub></td>
  </tr>
</table>
<!-- markdownlint-enable -->

---

### Enjoy

:metal:

Commit message:

Added local device testing command to package.json; Updated readme

README.md, after:

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
[![AB&C](https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/22617576?s=200&v=4)](https://abccreative.com/)
<!-- markdownlint-enable -->

# Gatsby Starter Tailwind

A minimal starter template using Gatsby and Tailwind.

![Repo Size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/badges/shields.svg?style=for-the-badge)
![Dependabot Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dependabot-Enabled-0366d6?style=for-the-badge&logo=dependabot)
[![License: 0BSD](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-0BSD-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge)](http://unlicense.org/)
![Follow AB&C on Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/abc_Creative.svg?label=Follow+AB%26C&style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter)

---

## Directory Layout

```shell
├── /public/                    # Dev output files
├── /src/                       # Development directory
│   ├── /components/            # Components
│   ├── /images/                # Images
│   ├── /pages/                 # Site pages
│   ├── /styles/                # CSS
│   ├── /templates/             # Page templates
├── /.env.*                     # Environment variables
├── /gatsby-browser.js          # Control over Gatsby’s behavior in the browser
├── /gatsby-config.js           # Enables plugins, defines site data, and site configuration
├── /gatsby-node.js             # Respond to events in the Gatsby build cycle
├── /postcss.config.js          # PostCSS config
├── /tailwind.config.js         # Tailwind config
```

---

## Features

- [Gatsby.js](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/)
- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [HeadlessUI](https://headlessui.dev/)
- [Iconify](https://iconify.design/)

## Get started

Install the Gatsby CLI:

```sh
npm install --global gatsby-cli
```

Create a new Gatsby project using this starter:

```sh
gatsby new my-new-website https://github.com/abcagency/gatsby-tailwind
cd my-new-website
npm i
```

Run the project in development mode:

```sh
npm run develop
```

📳 If you'd like to test the project on another device on your network, run:

```sh
npm run develop:local
```

## Format and lint

- `npm run analyze` - See what ESLint can fix
- `npm run fix` - Run ESLint with the `--fix` option

## Build your site for production

```sh
npm run build
```

## Upgrade `package.json` package versions

Install [npm-check-updates](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npm-check-updates):

```sh
npm i -g npm-check-updates
```

Upgrade a project's package file:

```sh
# Inside of project root folder

ncu -u    # Upgrade package.json
npm i     # Update installed packages and package-lock.json
```

## Contributors

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center" style=""><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/6616625?s=60&v=4" width="100px;"  style="background-color: #000; border-radius: 9999px;" alt="Jason Cockerham"/><br /><sub><b>Jason Cockerham</b></sub></td>
		<td align="center"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/650202?s=120&v=4" width="100px;"  style="border-radius: 9999px;" alt="Chris Marts"/><br /><sub><b>Chris Marts</b></sub></td>
		<td align="center"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/25408000?s=120&v=4" width="100px;" style="border-radius: 9999px;" alt="Stuart Thomas"/><br /><sub><b>Stuart Thomas</b></sub></td>
  </tr>
</table>
<!-- markdownlint-enable -->

---

### Enjoy

:metal:
